bmi-calculator/README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Body Mass Index Calculator solution

This is a solution to the [Body Mass Index Calculator challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/body-mass-index-calculator-brrBkfSz1T). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Select whether they want to use metric or imperial units
- Enter their height and weight
- See their BMI result, with their weight classification and healthy weight range
- View the optimal layout for the interface depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page

### Links

- [Live Site URL](https://evdotjs.github.io/frontendmentor/bmi-calculator/)

## My process

- My plan is to complete this challenge twice: first, using vanilla HTML/CSS/JavaScript and second, using React/SASS.

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- JavaScript

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@evdotjs](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/evdotjs)

Commit message:

style hero section; add ability to toggle form

bmi-calculator/README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Body Mass Index Calculator solution

This is a solution to the [Body Mass Index Calculator challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/body-mass-index-calculator-brrBkfSz1T). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Select whether they want to use metric or imperial units
- Enter their height and weight
- See their BMI result, with their weight classification and healthy weight range
- View the optimal layout for the interface depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page

### Links

- [Live Site URL](https://evdotjs.github.io/frontendmentor/bmi-calculator/)

## My process

- My plan is to complete this challenge twice: first, using vanilla HTML/CSS/JavaScript and second, using React/SASS.
- I started off by analyzing the design file in figma, seeing how the information was organized, then marking up the information using semantic HTML tags.
- After that I decided work on the CSS one section at a time, starting with the hero section.
- Next in javascript I added the ability to toggle between imperial and metric units in the HTML form.

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- JavaScript

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@evdotjs](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/evdotjs)
